I think you are taking advantage of your little head.
You are a bad cook. He dares to speak wildly.
Everybody come over and put this thing to shame,
The woman with new delusions is kicked out,
Don't dirty the eyes of others who are responsible for us.
I see you have ecstasy in your eyes,
You can't even see this kind of trick of fighting to ensure sincerity.
Why don't you just leave?
Zhao Xueer, aren’t you the CEO’s wife?
Take out Qingtian and let everyone see who is on it.
I met them all
How qualified are you to hold your hand against me and return a lie?
Have you seen the director return to his home?
Do you still want Qingjian?
It’s the president’s wife’s law
You don't claim to be the president
In total, there may even be activities organized by oneself
If you don’t believe it
Take out the female body
Can't let her act wild on you anymore
I forgot to bring it
Forgot to bring it
I see that you are clearly showing off your identity and have no affection.
If you don't believe it
Open it and look at the name above
It's you who is so far away
Are you really the richest lady?
Want to meet
How could it be Mrs. Treasurer?